As of January 12, 2015, Rodriguez is sponsored by Primitive Skateboarding,[31] Nike Skateboarding, Mountain Dew, Target, Nixon Watches, Incase Designs, Primitive Skateshop, Glassy Sunhaters, Markisa, Venture, Andale Bearings, Diamond Supply Co., Grizzly Griptape and FUSE Science.[34][35] As of June 2014, Rodriguez is managed by Circe Wallace.[9]

Nike sponsorship[edit]
As of December 2012, Rodriguez continues to be a senior team rider for the Nike skateboarding division, having released his eighth skate shoe model in May 2014, and was responsible for welcoming team rider, Luan Oliviera, in September 2012.[36] Rodriguez released his first signature Nike shoe in 2005[37] following his departure from skate shoe brand, eS. Rodriguez explained in a 2012 interview for the "Footnotes" segment on the Berrics website:

The transition from eS to Nike was—after I got through making the phone call—I had to call Koston; I had to call, you know, Tony at eS; had to call a few people 'cause we were close; we were good family over there. So, after I got through that hard part, and I could just, and I was free of that burden, then when I got on Nike, it was just, like, the world was opened up—it was insane.[38]

Rodriguez was one of the early riders to be approached by Nike following its second attempt to succeed in the skateboarding market and sub-culture. Rodriguez has explained:

Um, my thoughts on Nike when they first approached me were cool. I mean, like, I did get some criticisms, selling out, this and that ... and I never really been too worried 'bout that criticism. So my thoughts were just like, I look at it like this, like: My first pair of shoes were the baby Jordans [basketball player, Michael Jordan], you know what I mean, so, like, I had Nikes all my life growing up, and even at the time that I was on eS, any time that I was not skating, I wearing some white-on-white Air Force Ones, or Cortezs—I had a whole flock of Nike anyway ... the way I looked at it, was like, I've been a Nike supporter since birth. So me, I was just stoked, I was just hyped to get on Nike.[38]

Rodriguez released his seventh signature model shoe, entitled the "Paul Rodriguez 7," with Nike in mid-2013. Designed with Shawn Carboy, who Rodriguez first started working with during the design of his fifth signature model, Rodriguez prioritized the functionality of the shoe and impact protection is the primary feature.[39]

The "P-ROD 8", Rodriguez's eighth signature shoe was released in May 2014. On May 25, 2014, Rodriguez, alongside fellow Nike team member and skateboarding veteran, Lance Mountain, promoted the model in a video interview, whereby the history of the Nike shoe in skateboarding culture forms the foundation of the segment—Mountain explained that prior to the official launch of the Nike brand onto the skateboarding market, skateboarders said, "This [Nike] is our shoe". Rodriguez described himself as a "Jordan baby", growing up during the peak of Michael Jordan's career, and explained that his eighth Nike shoe model is an "homage to all those things I grew up loving—even before I met skateboarding. And now it's intertwined." The P-ROD 8 features three of Nike's shoe technology developments: "Lunarlon", "Flywire" and "Hyperscreen". (Rodriguez explained in the video with Mountain that the Flywire grips around the foot in the event of a significant fall during the act of skateboarding.)[40]

Following the release of the P-ROD 8, Rodriguez was informed by a Nike executive that he is one of only four Nike athletes to have produced eight signature shoe models—the other three are: Michael Jordan, Kobe Bryant and LeBron James. As of June 2014, Rodriguez has been sponsored by Nike for 10 years. In regard to his decade-long relationship with the corporation, Rodriguez explained: "it feels like I’ve also grown with them. I’ve become intertwined with Nike. Our stories are together — at least with Nike SB. The process of making a shoe, at this point, is like a welloiled machine."[9]

Target sponsorship[edit]
On August 13, 2010, the Target corporation announced in a press release that Rodriguez had joined its sponsorship ranks—in addition to Shaun White, whose career has predominantly been defined by snowboarding, Rodriguez is the second professional skateboarder to negotiate a sponsorship deal with Target. A Target representative stated in the press release, "Paul is an amazing competitor and is the perfect personality to add to our program. With so many accomplishments and a promising future ahead of him, Paul is a natural fit for Target and we’re proud to have our brand represented on his skateboard." Rodriguez was also quoted in the press release: "I grew up right across the street from a Target and have many memories of skating over to the store as a kid. I’ve always loved their brand and am excited about the relationship and potential of what we can do together."[41]